Change .~ to use filldist rather than a loop (#824)
TuringLang/DynamicPPL.jl: HISTORY.md

x ~ MvNormal(fill(0.0, 2), I)
```

This is often more performant as well.

> The new implementation of `x .~ ...` is just a short-hand for `x ~ filldist(...)`, which means that `x` will be seen as a single multivariate variable. In most cases this does not change anything for the user, with the one notable exception being `pointwise_loglikelihoods`, which previously treated `.~` assignments as assigning multiple univariate variables. If you _do_ want a variable to be seen as an array of univariate variables rather than a single multivariate variable, you can always expand into a loop, such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new implementation of `x .~ ...` is just a short-hand for `x ~ product_distribution(...)`, which means that `x` will be seen as a single multivariate variable. In most cases this does not change anything for the user, with the one notable exception being `pointwise_loglikelihoods`, which previously treated `.~` assignments as assigning multiple univariate variables. If you _do_ want a variable to be seen as an array of univariate variables rather than a single multivariate variable, you can always expand into a loop, such as
```
